# NuMery

NuMery is a speed typing and memory game, where players are to key in a series of numbers that appear on the screen within a stipulated time of 3 seconds. The player proceeds to a higher stage each time the correct sequence of numbers are keyed, and would lose otherwise. With every increasing level, the series of numbers that appear gets longer. 

https://youtu.be/AJIJfILQR54

### How to play?

1. Read the game instructions on the main page
2. Click the Start button to begin!
3. Key in the number(s) that appear and click OK. 
4. The game proceeds to a higher stage each time you key in the right numbers. Once you key in the wrong number(s), you will be directed to restart page. 
5. Click Restart to replay the game once you have lost. 
6. Press the cross on the top left hand corner of your window to quit. 

### Development 

Game App:

    class SwitchScreenApp(App):

 The SwitchScreenApp inherits from the App parent class and builds game when .run() is invoked. The ScreenManager() class consist of the main screen, game screen and restart screen, and manages transitions between them.
 
Main Page:

    class StartScreen(Screen):
    

Game Page:

    class GameScreen(Screen):
    
Restart Page:

    class LoseScreen(Screen):

The StartScreen, GameScreen and LoseScreen classes each contains an int() method that instantiates the class. The Screen parent class's init() property is accessed with the super keyword. The layout, labels and buttons are created under the init() method.

NuMery Number Generator:

    def number_generator(stage):
        range_start = 10 ** (stage - 1)
        range_end = (10 ** stage) - 1
        number_generated = random.randint(range_start, range_end)
        return number_generated
    
The game's number generator randomly generates an integer value of length equals to the stage number. The function takes in an integer argument stage and computes the number which will be displayed on the screen for each stage. 

Game Play:

    def gameStart(self, value):
    
With each correct input by the player, the stage increases by 1 level. The numbers to be displayed on the screen are regenerated by calling number_generator().
    
        if self.player_inp.text == str(self.numbers):
            self.stage += 1
            self. numbers = number_generator(self.stage)

The new stage displayed on the screen is updated, and the text of the input box is cleared.
        
            self.stage_label.text = 'Stage ' + str(self.stage)
            self.number_list_label.text = str(self.numbers)
            self.player_inp.text = ''

The numbers are animated to appear immediately then fade out over 3 seconds. 

            anim = Animation(opacity=1, duration=0) + Animation(opacity=0, duration=3)
            anim.start(self.number_list_label)
            
However, with the wrong input value, the stage is reset to 1. The new numbers to be displayed on the screen will be regenerated by calling number_generator(). 

        else:
            self.stage = 1
            self.numbers = number_generator(self.stage)
            
The stage 1 will be redisplayed on the game screen along with the newly regenerated number. The text input box entry will be cleared. This is to reset the game conditions for restarting the game.

            self.stage_label.text = 'Stage ' + str(self.stage)
            self.number_list_label.text = str(self.numbers)
            self.player_inp.text = ''
            Animation(opacity=1, duration=2).start(self.number_list_label)
            
The game page immediately transits to the restart page.
            
            self.manager.transition.direction = 'left'
            self.manager.current = 'lose'


        



